docs: added scaffolding, config, proto and frontend (#891)
tendermint/starport: docs/5 IBC and Relayer/2 Scaffold.md

# IBC Scaffold

Starport supports IBC-specifc scaffolding.

> Creating a Cosmos SDK module with IBC logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Cosmos SDK module with IBC logic:
```

```
starport module create ibcdex --ibc
```

> Creating a custom packet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom packet:
```

Reviewer: again, narrative for the example is handy for learners like me

Author: I agree. We have a separate section for both module scaffolding and packet scaffolding. I don't want to duplicate content. This section can be used as a guide if you want to know more about IBC-related scaffolding.
